attrs update (#6708)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6708.feature.rst

> added the ``AttrAnd , AttrOr`` functions to the global namespace in  file ``sunpy.net.attrs``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added ``AttrAnd`` and ``AttrOr`` to the namespace in ``sunpy.net.attrs``.
This allows users to to avoid `|` or `&` when creating a query a larger query.
```

Added ``AttrAnd`` and ``AttrOr`` to the namespace in ``sunpy.net.attrs``.

> This allows users to to avoid `|` or `&` when creating a query a larger query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows users to to avoid ``|`` or ``&`` when creating a query a larger query.
```
